fix(baseapp): Use CometBFT's ComputeProtoSizeForTxs in defaultTxSelector.SelectTxForProposal (#24074)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* (query) [87d3a43](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/commit/87d3a432af95f4cf96aa02351ed5fcc51cca6e7b) Fix collection filtered pagination.
* (sims) [#23952](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/23952) Use liveness matrix for validator sign status in sims
* (baseapp) [#24055](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/24055) Align block header when query with latest height.

> * (baseapp) [#24074](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/24074) Fix SelectTxForProposal the calculation method of tx bytes size is inconsistent with CometBFT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (baseapp) [#24074](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/24074) Use CometBFT's ComputeProtoSizeForTxs in defaultTxSelector.SelectTxForProposal for consistency.
```
